This blade has a dark past.
It has shed much innocent blood.
You're a fool for traveling alone
so completely unprepared you're
lucky your blood still flowing.
Thank you. So what brings you
to the land of the gatekeepers?
I'm searching for someone.
Someone very dear. A kindred spirit.
A dragon.
A dangerous quest for a lone hunter.
I've been alone for as
long as I can remember.
Hey almost done.